---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/tapestry/bible/hosea-2-14-23/","title":"Hosea 2 :14–23","tags":["bible"],"dgHomeLink":true,"dgShowLocalGraph":true,"dgEnableSearch":true}
---

“Therefore I am now going to allure her;I will lead her into the wilderness and speak tenderly to her. There I will give her back her vineyards, and will make the Valley of Achor a door of hope.  
There she will respond as in the days of her youth, as in the day she came up out of Egypt.
“In that day,” declares the Lord,“you will call me ‘my husband’; you will no longer call me ‘my master. I will remove the names of the Baals from her lips; no longer will their names be invoked.   In that day I will make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field, the birds in the sky and the creatures that move along the ground.  
Bow and sword and battle I will abolish from the land, so that all may lie down in safety.  
 I will betroth you to me forever; I will betroth you in righteousness and justice,  
    in love and compassion.  
 I will betroth you in faithfulness, and you will acknowledge the Lord.
“In that day I will respond,” declares the Lord—  
“I will respond to the skies, and they will respond to the earth; and the earth will respond to the grain, the new wine and the olive oil, and they will respond to Jezreel. I will plant her for myself in the land; I will show my love to the one I called ‘Not my loved one.
I will say to those called ‘Not my people,’ ‘You are my people’;  
    and they will say, ‘You are my God.’”

---
*New International Version (NIV)*