---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Tapestry/Field App/Sample Prayers/Father Kings/","title":"Father Kings","tags":["application/prayers","prayers"],"dgHomeLink":true,"dgEnableSearch":true}
---

> [!infobox-center] 
> <br>
> 
> # Father Kings
><p class="note second"> “Yahweh, You are my portion and have always brought abundance to me. I desire no source but You. I invite You to perform everything in me that You were thinking when You created me. Humble me with the power of Your Presence, that I would only pursue the building of Your Kingdom and never my own. I choose to see each day as a gift, filled with Your provision, protection, and promise. I return to Your plans and repent for every time I made my own plans, instead of seeking Your will and carrying it out.  <br><br> “I am amazed by Your power and undone by Your presence. I love being hemmed in by You. Expand the borders of me so Your Kingdom can be extended through me. You have kept my portion secure for me and drawn lines for my protection. Thank You for being my champion. I want to be a carrier of Your character. Enlarge me to be able to receive the very best You offer. Reveal to me all wounds and mindsets that keep me from growing. I want to go to unfamiliar places with You. I don’t want to bind You with the limits of my mind; instead, I want to explore You within the largeness of Your imagination. Yahweh, enlarge the field before me, so I might see all that is ripe and ready for harvest.  <br><br> “Of You, I will inquire concerning all things. If my gaze turns to what I can find out for myself, I ask You to refocus me. Guide me in the day and night. Go before me and come behind me with Your wisdom. I look to You for all resources, strength, strategy, vision, and supernatural encounters that fortify me for the journey. Open my senses for a greater capacity to experience You. Help me to recognize You in all things: every step, every choice.  <br><br> “I am grateful for all You deliver me to. I don’t want to seek deliverance just in times of trouble. I want to be delivered to You daily. Reveal to me anything that separates us, so I might be restored. If there is any ground I have given to the enemy, I ask You to lead me in redeeming it, along with all provision, resource, and relationship that has been affected by their occupation. Direct me away from all that is not of You. Help me to never agree with the accuser about myself or others. Where I have had fear, I ask for awe. I ask for the remembrance of all You have done to keep my path straight.  <br><br> “Thank You for every open gate, door, and chest of Heaven on my behalf. Thank You for every testimony. Thank You for abundance of fruit, that others would know You and would see You moving on their behalf. Thank You for inviting me to dwell with You. Thank You for unveiled access to You! I am in awe as I abide. I am so aware of You in every aspect of my life.”</p>
> <center><i/>From <a href="Terraforming Womb" data-href="Terraforming Womb" class="internal-link">Terraforming Womb</a></td>, Appendix</i></center>